my old bike was a Schwinn
so it was really sad when I got it
stolen my dad from any MSU students
biking is probably the easiest way to
get around on campus but bike larceny
happens a lot last year 381 bikes or
stolen from campus mostly outside dorms
manager of the msu bike service center
team potter said choose it a good luck
it a first step to secure your bike
basically two different types of locks
you have a you lock which is really
thick but a half an inch of Steel very
difficult to cut but there are you know
if your bike is really worth a lot of
money there are thieves that can still
cut these so it'll prevent all theft but
they are much better than this type of
lock which is a cable lot this is good
for just in between my glasses I'm just
going to get a cup of coffee and you're
not up you're not away from your bike
very long cable locks are a lot cheaper
than many half the price of that you
like but they're also easy to cut I can
cut this with a basic pair of pliers
it's very small in my pocket so it's
very
cut these cookies nobody's watching but
even a strong you luck may not ensure
bike security if you don't lock it
properly white for you to go through
frame back wheel so like two legs and go
like this I'm through the wheel very
much do anything like a rag okay so
we've got in the back wheel and a frame
yet secure but your front wheel can be
stolen you're seeking stored to secure
the site you can use this boat Tripoli's
part oh the place with this and then
they can't easily see many students
don't know how to lock a bike securely
this person is locked their bike just to
the frame into the rack this you know
protects the frame but as I was showing
you earlier can take this back wheel out
for this quick release I could steal
that back wheel I can also scale is
front wheel
I can also steal the seat so this person
could come out and find just the frame
hear tok-yo recommends to use tool box
if you have a really nice bike that's
expensive additional cable like this so
you can lock like this to to the rack
and then you can use this to extend this
up through your front wheels so you can
lock your chrome wheel back here to your
you lock and that way keep your front
wheel security alright he also
recommends to get a bike roommate from
the msu place and po-tay-to on the right
place you need to put it right there so
that when they come around and may after
students are moving out this is where
they look they don't see it from it here
they'll cut the bike built in pump it a
couple other things I highly recommend
who's that you keep your bike indoors at
night because most of the theft of
complete bike is at night all right so
like safe and enjoy bicycling on the
embassy campus Thank You bike
you